README.md, before:

# windows-applications-updater

windows-applications-updater is a simple to use batch script that automatically updates all your Windows applications.

## Features

- Support for all at least semi-recent versions of Windows 10/11.
- Uses the Windows Package Manager (also known as [winget](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/package-manager/winget/)) under the hood.<br>
The Windows Package Manager  is the official, free and open-source package manager designed by Microsoft for Windows 10 and Windows 11.

## Installation and Getting Started

1. **Download** the **latest Release** from the [Releases](https://github.com/Freddythereal/windows-applications-updater/releases) page.

1. **Run** the **windows-applications-updater.bat** file by performing a double-left-click on it.

1. A **Windows prompt** will open with the following message:

    > Do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device?
    
    **Select** the **Yes** button by performing a single-left-click on it.<br>

1. **Wait** for the script to finish. Afterwards the terminal window will close itself.

## License

windows-applications-updater is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Freddythereal/windows-applications-updater/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Added instructions to README.md
- Added download link for "App-Installer" which contains winget.

README.md, after:

# windows-applications-updater

windows-applications-updater is a simple to use batch script that automatically updates all your Windows applications.

## Features

- Support for all at least semi-recent versions of Windows 10/11.
- Uses the Windows Package Manager (also known as [winget](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/package-manager/winget/)) under the hood.<br>
The Windows Package Manager  is the official, free and open-source package manager designed by Microsoft for Windows 10 and Windows 11.

## Installation and Getting Started

1. **Install** the [**App-Installer**](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/detail/app-installer/9NBLGGH4NNS1) from the **Microsoft Store**.

1. **Download** the **latest Release** from the [**Releases**](https://github.com/Freddythereal/windows-applications-updater/releases) page.

1. **Run** the **windows-applications-updater.bat** file by performing a double-left-click on it.

1. A **Windows prompt** will open with the following message:

    > Do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device?
    
    **Select** the **Yes button** by performing a single-left-click on it.

1. **Wait** for the script to finish. Afterwards the terminal window will close itself.

## License

windows-applications-updater is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Freddythereal/windows-applications-updater/blob/master/LICENSE).
